Expose subtitle cue metadata fields (#947)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- iOS/tvOS: Expose cue metadata on `CueEnterEvent` and `CueExitEvent` via `layout`, `region`, `cea608Position`, and `html`
- Android and iOS/tvOS: Expose `VideoQuality.colorInfo.dynamicRange` (`sdr`, `hdr`, `unknown`) via the new `DynamicRange` enum

### Changed

> - Cue layout no longer emits or types `'auto'` for `line`, `position`, or `positionAlign`; automatic placement is represented by omitted fields

Author: I changed the 'auto' representation from explicit sentinel values to omitted fields.

So instead of `line: { value: 'auto' }`, `position: 'auto'`, or `positionAlign: 'auto'`, automatic/default placement is now represented by those fields being absent.

Reasoning: the payload now only includes concrete native geometry values we can actually expose, and omission already maps better to "unset/default/not applicable" in this event shape

> - Cue layout no longer emits or types `'auto'` for `line`, `position`, or `positionAlign`; automatic placement is represented by omitted fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cue layout no longer emits or accepts 'auto' for line, position, or positionAlign; automatic placement is now represented by omitting these fields.
```

Author: Address in 4cd6e95314f5c1816bc6150454f733e489b34e69
